Overview
iCNG
Edition
Specs
Compare
Price
Configure
Discover Nexon.ev
Brochure
Nexon
Price
Select your location

Choose your location for correct vehicles prices.

City

MUMBAI
Price

Fuel Type

Petrol
Diesel
Bi-fuel CNG

Transmission Type

5 Speed MT
6 Speed AMT
6 Speed MT
7 Speed DCA

Edition

Standard
Dark
Red-Dark

Price

₹7L
₹15L
Total
Monthly
Apply Filters Reset
Smart 1.2

Price *

₹7,39,990
6 Airbags
LED Head Lamps & DRLs
LED end to end Tail Lamps
R16 Wheels 
Electronic Stability Program
2-Spoke Steering Wheel with Illuminated Logo
Multi Drive modes: Eco, City, Sports
Front Power Windows
ISOFIX 
Rear Spoiler ORVM with Side Indicators
Full Digital Cluster
Central Locking with Key 
All-adjustable Headrest 
Air Conditioning 
100 % Flip & Fold Seat
5 Speed Manual Transmission
12V Power Outlet Front Anti-glare IRVM
Immobiliser Rear Park Assist System
Key Ring Illumination
100 % Flip & Fold (Cushion & Back)
Puncture Repair Kit 
See More
Configure
Smart + 1.2

Price *

₹8,14,990
Wheel Cover
Remote Central Locking Flip Key
Electrically Operated ORVM
17.78 cm Touchscreen Infotainment by HARMAN™
Android Auto™ and Apple CarPlay™
2 Speakers Wheel Covers
All Power WIndows
Steering Wheel Controls
E-Shifter & Paddle Shifters*
USB Charging Port A Type
Follow Me Home Headlamps
Puncture Repair Kit 
See More
Configure
Smart + S 1.2

Price *

₹8,44,990
Auto Headlamps
Voice-assisted Electric Sunroof
Rain Sensing Wipers
Roof Rails
Puncture Repair Kit 
See More
Configure
Frequently Asked Questions

What is the starting ex-showroom price of Tata Nexon in India?

What is the difference between ex-showroom price and on-road price of Tata Nexon?

What is the price range of Tata Nexon across all variants?

How much is the Tata Nexon Fearless+ PS variant priced at?

What is the price of Tata Nexon Dark Edition compared to the standard variant?

Discover our wide range of financing options

Buying a new Tata car is an exciting experience for everyone. At Tata Motors, we make sure the journey is seamless by ensuring that our customers can avail customized loan options that are fast, convenient, and hassle-free. Personalize loan and repayment plan to finance your brand-new Tata car, at the click of a button.

Know more
Book a Test Drive

We know you will love our cars, which is why you can book a test drive online at the nearest dealership.

Book Now 
Build Your Own

Configure your car as per your needs.

Build Now
Compare

Use our comparing tool to find the best model for you and your family.

Compare

Vehicle booking prices are subject to change from time to time. The booking amount is indicative and only reserves your booking but does not lock or guarantee the vehicle price. The final price payable shall be the price applicable on the date of invoicing/delivery by the authorised Tata Motors dealer, together with applicable taxes, duties and other statutory charges, unless otherwise expressly communicated by Tata Motors.

 

* Prices indicated are Ex-showroom prices. Prices are subject to change without prior information at the discretion of Tata Motors. Contact your nearest Tata Motors dealer for exact prices.

 

** Estimated EMI calculated based on 84 months term with a rate of 9% interest.

 

*** Offers are subject to change without prior information at the discretion of Tata Motors. Contact your nearest Tata Motors dealer for offer details.

Images and illustrations are indicative and for informative purposes only. All features/specifications are not available in all variants/personas and may vary for different variants/personas. Specifications/features subject to change without prior information. Please consult an authorised Tata Motors dealer for latest information on features/specifications before deciding to place an order. Colours may not match the actual colours due to printing limitations. Android, Apple, HARMAN™, what3words, are registered trademarks. First year iRA app subscription free. Renewal charges apply. *Exclusive Persona Themed Interiors and Exteriors. *This varies as per variant **Bootspace as per ISO V215. Features like Multi drive modes, Cruise control, iRA Connected car feature, E-Call & B-Call only available in Petrol & Diesel. *Features not available in CNG. (Multidrive Mode, Cruise Control, iRA Connected Vehicle, E-Call, B-Call, Subwoofer). Features only available in Fearless + PS DCA:- JBL branded speaker system, Subwoofer, ADAS*, ADAS not available in CNG & Diesel. Rear sunshade only available in fearless +PS DCA and in all of Red #Dark. Red #DARK edition only available in fearless+ PS. Terms and Conditions apply.

Download Brochure
Request Call Back
Book a Test Drive
Book Now
TATA

Tata Cars

Sierra
Harrier
Safari
Nexon
Punch
Altroz
Tiago
Curvv
Tigor

Help

Service
Dealer Locator
Digital Showroom
Car Financing

Quick Links

Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Condition
Blogs

Social

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube

For Roadside Assistance, call on - 18002098282

 

 

 

Copyright © 2026 TATA Motors. All Rights Reserved